# Volunteer Application for MS Graduates in Computer Science
 o The volunteer application addresses the employment challenges faced by the graduates recently due to the current economic uncertainties. This program requires the active involvement of professors who assume a supervisory role, overseeing volunteers and reporting to both departmental & immigration authorities based on their Performance.  o User Registration and Authentication where Graduates should do their registration (create an account) using their respective university email addresses. The registration process incorporates strict email verification.  o Graduate dashboard, here the main functionalities include an interactive calendar, which is designed to showcase tasks start dates and their respective deadlines which helps in facilitating efficient time management. Graduates can also seamlessly submit weekly reports through the dashboard by justifying their 21 Hours of Work per week. Professor dashboard where the professor can effortlessly assign tasks to graduates, review submitted reports & provide them with their constructive feedback. And can award recommendation letter to a graduate for the excellence of contribution to work. This letter is also visible in the graduate dashboard.  o Task Management where graduates upon accessing the application can get insights of their assigned tasks, with detailed information along with task titles, descriptions, deadlines & prioritization levels. This includes the functionality to mark their tasks as complete by providing a real-time update on their progress to their respective professors. Weekly Reports and AI Anti-Cheating Mechanism here graduates can submit weekly reports with summary of work, includes a text input for justifying 21 hours of work, uploading attachments of work, to maintain integrity of work AI anti cheating mechanism has been integrated into application to prevent from fraudulent activities and copy of work. Application has a chat  facility to communicate in the application.
